<!--
Codepen Link for today's repo: https://codepen.io/nwraimo/pen/xxRQgGd

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML tags that provide meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? A graphical structure to tell the webpage what to do.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? We put them after an opening tag in order to include info we don't want to render on the page.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 represents the most important header tag and should only be used once a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Typically the title of the document.
    7. What is an id? A tag that gives a unique id to an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? <section> or <class>
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once per page.
    10. What is a class? A tag that is not unique and can be used multiple times on a page or for multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? <div> or <section>
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Set the target attribute to "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Provides alternate text for the image if the image can't be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? By using the # symbol in CSS.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is a specific container with themed children inside and a div is a general container more used for styling purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to tell the web page what to look like vs HTML telling it what to do.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: Use "h2" as a selector in CSS.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class can be used to identify more than one element, an id is used for only one. 
                                                                                                             Ex. you would use a class on a div to apply styling to an entire container, and you would use an id to apply styling to a specific section.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? By typing a . followed by the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Selects all elements that are a child of the specified parent. Ex. when trying to select all paragraphs within the body: body > p
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A selector that selects elements of a particular state
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Neither, use uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div.classname { border:10px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Use selector * in CSS
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* type comments here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename will delete the file, if it is a folder it will delete all contents as well.
    34. Why should I use version control? It allows for optimal efficiency as you will be able to review changes and work seemlessly within a team.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Early and very often to not accidentally lose work or crucial changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name for the first push, just git push for subsequent pushes of changes.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork your own version, clone that version down and copy the url, use the terminal to go to the directory where you want to clone the repo to,
        use git clone URL, cd into the newly created clone, use git checkout -b branch-name to create your own branch, complete your project assignment, 
        git add . to add all changes to the repo and prepare them to commit, use git push -u origin branch-name to push the cloned repo to github, 
        go back to github and to the forked repo, change branch from main to your clone branch, click new pull request, change base repository to your branch name, 
        it should say in green text 'able to merge', then click create pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline elements don't cause a new line to occur, block elements create a new line on the page.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? Absolute position separates the element from the flow of the rest of the document and allows for specific styling to be applied to it.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Select the element in CSS give it a width value.
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default: <div>&<> are block by default, <span>&<input> are inline by default, and <button> is inline-block by default.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? By creating a <div class:"container"> in the HTML and defining the container's width value in CSS.



   --> 